Codebook for BES2005Subset

These data come from the 2005 British Election Study.  All of these data can be dowloaded directly from the BES website
(/www.essex.ac.uk/bes).  Here is a listing of the variables:


Variable: 		LabourVote
BES Variable Number: 	bq12b
BES Survey Question:	"Which party did you vote for in the general election?"
Variable Values:  	1 Respondent Reports having voted for the Labour Party candidate
			0 Respondent Reports having voted for another party's candidate


Variable:		IraqWarApprovalDich
BES Variable Number:	aq34
BES Survey Question:	"Please tell me whether you strongly approve, approve, disapprove, or
			strongly disapprove of Britain's involvement in Iraq."
Variable Values:	1 Repondent responded "approve" or "strongly approve"
			0 Repondent responded "disapprove" or "strongly disapprove"


Variable:		IraqWarSuccessScale
BES Variable Number:	aq33
BES Survey Question:	"Using a scale from 0 to 10 where 0 means a complete failure and 10 means
			a complete success, how would you rate the war in Iraq?"
Variable Values:	scale from 0 for "complete failure" to 10 for "complete success"


Variable:		BlairFeelings
BES Variable Number:	bq16a
BES Survey Question:	"Now, some questions about the party leaders. Using a scale that runs from 0 to 10, 
			where 0 means a very incompetent leader and 10 means a very competent leader, how 
			would you describe Tony Blair?"
Variable Values:  	scale from 0 for "a very competent leader" to 10 for "a very incompetent leader"


Variable:		EconRet
BES Variable Number:	aq23
BES Survey Question:	"How do you think the general economic situation in this country has changed over 
			the last 12 months?"
Variable Values:	1 Got a lot worse
			2 Got a little worse
			3 Stayed the same
			4 Got a little better
			5 Got a lot better

Variable:		SelfLR
BES Variable Number:	bq39a
BES Survey Question:	"In politics, people sometimes talk about parties and politicians as being on the 
			left or right. Using the 0 to 10 scale on this card, where the end marked 0 means 
			left and the end marked 10 means right, where would you place yourself on this scale?"
Variable Values:	scale from 0 for "left" to 10 for "right"

Variable:		SocialSpending
BES Variable Number:	bq38a
BES Survey Question:	"Now, another issue. Using the 0 to 10 scale on this card, where the end marked 0 
			means that government should cut taxes and spend much less on health and social 
			services, and the end marked 10 means that government should raise taxes a lot and 
			spend much more on health and social services, where would you place yourself on this
			scale?"
Variable Values:	scale from 0 for "government should cut taxes and spend much less on health and social 
			services" to 10 for "government should raise taxes a lot and spend much more on health 
			and social services"

